likes and comments on posted/shared articles notifications (#165)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/PersonalApplications.rst

	|image99|

> **My posted News liked**

Reviewer: "My liked posted News" ?

Reviewer 2: or "My liked news"

Author: Shall we put the exact text we have in the page notifications settings? @plamarque @thomasdelhomenie

Reviewer 2: well, make the change in product :p

> You will receive the **My posted News liked** notification when a user likes one of your articles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **My posted News liked** notification when a user liked one of your articles.
```

> You will receive the **My posted News liked** notification when a user likes one of your articles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will receive this notification when a user likes one of your articles.
```

	|image100|

	
**My shared News liked**

> You will receive the **My shared News liked** notification when a user likes an article you shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **My shared News liked** notification when a user liked an article you shared.
```

> You will receive the **My shared News liked** notification when a user likes an article you shared.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will receive this notification when a user liked an article you shared.
```

	|image101|

**My posted News commented**

> You will receive the **My posted News commented** notification when a user comments one of your articles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **My posted News commented** notification when a user commented one of your articles.
```

	|image102|
	

**My shared News commented**

> You will receive the **My shared News commented** notification when a user comments an article you shared.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive the **My shared News commented** notification when a user commented an article you shared.
```

> You will receive the **My shared News commented** notification when a user comments an article you shared.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will receive this notification when a user commented an article you shared.
```
